READ ME - PPPoE

Compatibility
	Requirements:
		-BeOS R5 (R4 may work, it has not been tested)
		-A BeOS compatible ethernet card
		-A PPPoE DSL connection (uses Mac/WinPoET or EtherNET on other OS)
		-A pre-BONE version of the BeOS (as of the writing of this document, BONE has not yet been released)

Notes on upgrading from Beta 2 or Beta 1:
	You ABSOLUTELY MUST delete pppoe_port from the kernel add-ons directory. This software WILL NOT work if it is still there.

How to Install
	If you have a PPC machine:
		1. Run bin/ppc/pppoe, choose OK, and check "PPPoE Active".
	If you have an x86 machine:
		1. Run bin/x86/pppoe, choose OK, and check "PPPoE Active".
	If you have either:
			1a. While still in pppoe choose "Force Manual DNS" if you want to manually enter your DNS servers. This fixes a bug that may cause the connection to drop immediately after connecting. The Network preferences panel MUST be closed when changing pppoe settings.
		2. Open the Network preferences panel and add an ethernet interface for the card your DSL modem is connected to if there is not one already with the following settings:
			√ Interface Enabled
			•  Specify Settings
				IP Address: 192.168.0.1
				Subnet Mask: 255.255.255.0
				Gateway: 0.0.0.0
		4. Restart networking
		5. Open DialUpNetworking
		6. Set it up with the following settings:
			Phone number: 
			User Name: your DSL log-on name
			Password: your DSL log-on password
		7. Click on Settings...
			Choose 'Alternate PPP' as your server type
		8. Click on Modem...
			Add a new custom modem with the init string AT
		9. Enter the following settings:
			Your Modem Is: the custom modem you just set up
			Connect via: pppoe
			Speed: 115200
		10. Any other settings can be whatever you like
		11. Press Done
		12. Press Connect and enjoy the Internet

Known Bugs
	Dynamic DNS acquisition may not work. See instruction 1a. :-(

Technical Notes (how it works and what it does):
	This is native BeOS software designed in compliance with RFCs 1661, 1662, and 2516. The net_server add-on creates a pty (pseudo-terminal) and links it with a symlink to /dev/ports/pppoe. DUN (DialUpNetworking) thinks it is a serial port but is instead passing data to the net_server add-on. The pppoe driver then pretends to be a modem, responding to AT commands with appropriate responses. When a connection is established, all incoming and outgoing PPP frames are translated from serial PPP to PPPoE and back again.
			